Ruby: Make intention of block style clear (#71)
cookpad/styleguide: ruby.en.md

Reviewer: ruby.en.md を変える場合、.rubocop.yml も変えて欲しいです。

https://github.com/cookpad/styleguide/blob/5a2d036bd80c801678c76d133662d29d42247099/.rubocop.yml#L266-L268

Author: なぜか元から2ルール分しか言及がなかったけど、ruby.en.md に合わせた 15778c57788c31041baea5661758ca7d78d143f7

    bar(a: 1, b: 2)
    ```

> - **[MUST]** Use the `do`/`end` form for multi-line blocks, unless it matches the following conditions.
> - **[MUST]** Use the `{ }` form (i.e. brace blocks) for multi-line blocks when chaining other method calls to its return value.
> - **[MUST]** Use the `{ }` form (i.e. brace blocks) for multi-line blocks where its return value is passed to another method as an argument.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **[MUST]** Use the `do`/`end` form for multi-line blocks, except the following cases:
  - Use the `{ }` form (i.e. brace blocks) for multi-line blocks when chaining other method calls to its return value.
  - Use the `{ }` form (i.e. brace blocks) for multi-line blocks where its return value is passed to another method as an argument.
```

- **[MUST]** Use the `{ }` form (i.e. brace blocks) for multi-line blocks when chaining other method calls to its return value.
- **[MUST]** Use the `{ }` form (i.e. brace blocks) for multi-line blocks where its return value is passed to another method as an argument.

    ```ruby
    # good
    puts [1, 2, 3].map {|i|
      i * i
    }
    [1, 2, 3].each do |i|
      puts i * i
    end

    # bad
    puts [1, 2, 3].map do |i|
      i * i
    end
    [1, 2, 3].each {|i|
      puts i * i
    }

    # good
    # good - use { } when chaining methods
    [1, 2, 3].map {|n|
      n * n
    }.each do |n|
      puts Math.sqrt(n)

>     end

Author: `[1, 2, 3].map { ... }.each do ... end` が本当に "good" なのか、やや疑問に感じたのでチェーンするメソッドをブロックなしのものにしました。
よく見るものは `[1, 2, 3].map { ... }.each { ... }` である気がする。
